Step 1: Go to PayPal

Step 2: Choose your account type
Some platforms allow you to use Gmail, Facebook, or Apple to sign up quickly. Here, you need to fill out your data by hand.
In this section, you must select what type of account you want to create. A personal account allows you to shop and send money to other PayPal users. 
For most purposes, a personal account will be plenty. Business-type accounts have some features made for commerce, 
like accepting payments via a website. If you change your mind later, you can change a personal account into a business one, but not the other way around.
To follow along with the guide, choose “Personal Account” and click on the “Next” button.

Step 3: Enter your number
On the next screen, you’ll be asked for your phone number. Enter your virtual number in the text field. If you don’t have a virtual number provider, 
you can get one from us – Major Phones. After you’re done, press on the blue “Next” button. Note that if you choose to open a business account later, 
you will be asked for your email instead.

Step 4: Verify your number
After you press “Next”, you will have an SMS sent to your phone. This SMS has the code you need to enter into the next step.

What to do if you don’t receive your code
If you haven’t received a code after a little while — 5 minutes or so — consider clicking on “Send code again”. If that doesn’t work, try out the following steps:

a) Clear your browser’s cookies and cache
b) If you are using a proxy to enter PayPal’s site, then check if you’re using a bad IP. To do this, go to IPHub. IPHub is a proxy detector which tells 
how legitimate your connection looks to the web server you’re connecting to. A bad IP will have problems during verification
c)If all of the above didn’t work, then try reporting your virtual number to your service provider.

Step 5: Enter your details
In the next section, you will be asked for additional details. What you’re asked for will depend on the type of account you want. 
After filling in the details, create a safe password and click on continue

Step 6: Agree to user conditions

Step 7: Setup your payment methods

The hardest part is over. Now, you can start playing around with your account to customize it to your needs. However, before using PayPal for its main purpose, you need to add some funds and a payment method.

Usually, you’ll be asked to add a payment option when creating a new account. If you skipped this step, you can easily add payment options by doing the following:

Log into your account if you haven’t done so already.
Click on the wallet tab at the top of the screen.
Click on Banks & Cards.
Select the payment method you want to add.
Add the details of your payment method.
And that’s it! You have successfully created a functional PayPal account while keeping your real number to yourself. So go ahead and start using it to its best!
